README.md, before:

# Palworld Mod Store

A centralized repository for distributing Palworld mods with automated manifest generation and validation.

## 🚀 Features

- **Automated Manifest Generation**: GitHub Actions automatically update the mod catalog
- **Mod Validation**: Ensures all mods meet quality standards
- **Easy Distribution**: Direct download links for mod manager integration
- **Version Control**: Track mod updates and changes
- **Metadata Rich**: Comprehensive mod information including descriptions, authors, and compatibility

## 📁 Repository Structure

```
palworld-mod-store/
├── .github/
│   └── workflows/          # GitHub Actions for automation
├── mods/                   # Individual mod directories
│   └── ModName/
│       ├── mod-info.json   # Mod metadata
│       ├── icon.png        # Mod icon (64x64 recommended)
│       └── ModName-vX.Y.Z.zip  # Mod files
├── scripts/                # Automation scripts
├── manifest.json           # Auto-generated mod catalog
└── README.md              # This file
```

## 📦 Adding a New Mod

1. Create a new directory in `mods/` with your mod name
2. Add your mod files in a zip format: `ModName-vX.Y.Z.zip`
3. Create a `mod-info.json` file with the required metadata
4. Optionally add an `icon.png` file (64x64 pixels recommended)
5. Submit a Pull Request

### Mod Metadata Format (`mod-info.json`)

```json
{
  "ModName": "Your Mod Name",
  "Version": "1.0.0",
  "Description": "A detailed description of what your mod does",
  "Author": "Your Name",
  "Tags": ["gameplay", "enhancement", "ui"],
  "MinGameVersion": "0.3.0",
  "Homepage": "https://your-mod-homepage.com",
  "SourceCode": "https://github.com/yourname/yourmod"
}
```

## 🔄 Automated Workflows

- **Manifest Update**: Automatically regenerates `manifest.json` when mods are added/updated
- **Mod Validation**: Verifies mod structure and metadata on pull requests
- **Release Creation**: Optionally creates GitHub releases for mod versions

## 🛠 For Mod Manager Developers

The `manifest.json` file contains all available mods and can be queried at:
```
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GungnirIncarnate/palworld-mod-store/main/manifest.json
```

Each mod entry includes:
- Download URLs for mod files
- Icon URLs
- Metadata (name, version, description, etc.)
- File checksums for integrity verification

## 📝 Contributing

1. Fork this repository
2. Add your mod following the structure above
3. Ensure your mod passes validation
4. Submit a Pull Request with a clear description

## 📄 License

This repository structure is MIT licensed. Individual mods retain their own licenses as specified by their authors.

Commit message:

Optimize local development and fix duplicate notifications
- Add comprehensive .gitignore to exclude mod files from local sync
- Preserve ExampleMod for reference and testing
- Update README with local development setup documentation
- Fix duplicate mod submission notifications in GitHub workflow
- Only trigger notification on issue 'opened' event, not 'labeled'

README.md, after:

# Palworld Mod Store

A centralized repository for distributing Palworld mods with automated manifest generation and validation.

## 🚀 Features

- **Automated Manifest Generation**: GitHub Actions automatically update the mod catalog
- **Mod Validation**: Ensures all mods meet quality standards
- **Easy Distribution**: Direct download links for mod manager integration
- **Version Control**: Track mod updates and changes
- **Metadata Rich**: Comprehensive mod information including descriptions, authors, and compatibility

## 📁 Repository Structure

```
palworld-mod-store/
├── .github/
│   └── workflows/          # GitHub Actions for automation
├── mods/                   # Individual mod directories
│   └── ModName/
│       ├── mod-info.json   # Mod metadata
│       ├── icon.png        # Mod icon (64x64 recommended)
│       └── ModName-vX.Y.Z.zip  # Mod files
├── scripts/                # Automation scripts
├── manifest.json           # Auto-generated mod catalog
└── README.md              # This file
```

## 🏠 Local Development Setup

This repository is optimized for both automated mod distribution and local development:

### Git Ignore Configuration
The repository uses a smart `.gitignore` setup that:
- **Excludes** the `mods/` directory from local sync to avoid downloading hundreds of mod files
- **Preserves** `mods/ExampleMod/` as a reference for proper mod structure
- **Maintains** all GitHub automation functionality for manifest generation and validation

### For Contributors
When you clone this repository locally, you won't download all the mod files, making the repository lightweight. The automation still works perfectly on GitHub, processing mods and updating the manifest automatically.

If you need to work with specific mods locally:
1. Remove the mod from `.gitignore` temporarily
2. Pull the specific mod files you need
3. Add the mod back to `.gitignore` when done

This approach keeps local development fast while maintaining full functionality for users accessing mods through the manifest API.

## 📦 Adding a New Mod

1. Create a new directory in `mods/` with your mod name
2. Add your mod files in a zip format: `ModName-vX.Y.Z.zip`
3. Create a `mod-info.json` file with the required metadata
4. Optionally add an `icon.png` file (64x64 pixels recommended)
5. Submit a Pull Request

### Mod Metadata Format (`mod-info.json`)

```json
{
  "ModName": "Your Mod Name",
  "Version": "1.0.0",
  "Description": "A detailed description of what your mod does",
  "Author": "Your Name",
  "Tags": ["gameplay", "enhancement", "ui"],
  "MinGameVersion": "0.3.0",
  "Homepage": "https://your-mod-homepage.com",
  "SourceCode": "https://github.com/yourname/yourmod"
}
```

## 🔄 Automated Workflows

- **Manifest Update**: Automatically regenerates `manifest.json` when mods are added/updated
- **Mod Validation**: Verifies mod structure and metadata on pull requests
- **Release Creation**: Optionally creates GitHub releases for mod versions

## 🛠 For Mod Manager Developers

The `manifest.json` file contains all available mods and can be queried at:
```
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GungnirIncarnate/palworld-mod-store/main/manifest.json
```

Each mod entry includes:
- Download URLs for mod files
- Icon URLs
- Metadata (name, version, description, etc.)
- File checksums for integrity verification

## 📝 Contributing

1. Fork this repository
2. Add your mod following the structure above
3. Ensure your mod passes validation
4. Submit a Pull Request with a clear description

## 📄 License

This repository structure is MIT licensed. Individual mods retain their own licenses as specified by their authors.
